Include `rcppmath` utilities in docs/FEATURES.md (#136)
ros2/rcpputils: docs/FEATURES.md

# rcpputils Features

> This package includes convenience functions for generally cross-platform c++ functionalityand for mathematical utilties. These functionalities are siloed into the `rcpputils` and the `rcppmath` namespaces respectively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package includes convenience functions for cross-platform c++ functionality and for mathematical utilties. These functionalities are siloed into the `rcpputils` and the `rcppmath` namespaces respectively:
```
